content/about.md, before:

+++
title = "About"
menu = "main"
weight = 100
showthedate = false
+++

I'm Juan and I make websites for a living. I've worked for the better part of a decade in IT until I decided to make things instead of rebooting them. For the entirety of my development career, I’ve worked freelance. Due to my lack of relevant experience when starting, I was unable to get a job. So, I made one for myself. The majority of my time has been spent working through UpWork where clients from all over the globe hire me to redesign or build their sites and applications.

I make websites that I would go to. That means they’re fast, accessible, intuitive and responsive. Although there are plenty of tools to make this happen, I prefer using static-site generators. Hugo and Gatsby are my favorites. They’re fast and scalable. I write clean and light code, with other developers that’ll come after me in mind. I’ve done some work with Ruby on Rails redesigning web apps and creating new sites. I favor CSS for animations over JavaScript, semantic HTML, and readable code. And I can work with designers, developers, product managers, or consult on how a static-site can best suit your needs.

Other than that, there's not much else you need to know about me; I'm not all that interesting. I'm a voracious reader, like going to the movies, follow a ton of webcomics, and listen to a ton of podcasts. I delivered a baby once; that's interesting, right?

Anyhow, this site serves two purposes: a testing ground for new web technologies I'm learning and a place to share my coding journey. So ideally you'll see the quality of the site improve and the source code constantly evolve.

Commit message:

Colorful update!
Updated themes. Now there are 4 and they can be changed at random by clicking the theme switcher button.
Removed Intro from homepage and replaced with blog feed.
Added Archive to navbar and restyled List Template to be more like an Archive.
Updated About page with avatar.
Updated Colophon to mention page style and themes.
Added tags to article footer on Single template.

content/about.md, after:

+++
title = "About"
menu = "main"
weight = 100
showthedate = false
+++

{{< avatar >}}

I'm Juan and I make websites for a living. I've worked for the better part of a decade in IT until I decided to make things instead of rebooting them. For the entirety of my development career, I’ve worked freelance. Due to my lack of relevant experience when starting, I was unable to get a job. So, I made one for myself. The majority of my time has been spent working through UpWork where clients from all over the globe hire me to redesign or build their sites and applications.

Other than that, there's not much else you need to know about me; I'm not all that interesting. I'm a voracious reader, like going to the movies, follow a lot of webcomics, and listen to a ton of podcasts. I delivered a baby once; that's interesting, right?

Anyhow, this site serves two purposes: a testing ground for new web technologies I'm learning and a place to share my coding journey. So ideally you'll see the quality of the site improve and the source code constantly evolve. Fair warning, I'm a shitty writer so don't expect much from the content.
