content/colophon.md, before:

+++
title = "Colophon"
menu = "main"
weight = 100
showthedate = false
+++

## Colophon
* Written and created by Juan Villela.
* Made with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io).
* Fonts are [IBM Plex Sans](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/IBM+Plex+Sans) and [IBM Plex Sans Condensed](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/IBM+Plex+Sans+Condensed).
* Graphics made with [Affinity Designer](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/affinity-designer/id824171161?mt=12).
* Coded using [Coda](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/coda/id500906297?mt=8&ign-itsct=500906297-500906297&ign-itscg=0177&ign-mpt=uo%3D4) and [Working Copy](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/working-copy-powerful-git-client/id896694807?mt=8).
* Articles written in [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax) on [Bear](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/bear-beautiful-writing-app/id1016366447?ls=1&mt=8).

You can follow me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/fourjuaneight)[^1] or subscribe to the [RSS]({{ .Site.RSSLink }}) feed[^2].

[^1]: I have a love/hate relationship with Twitter. I've cleaned up my feed, removed retweets and refreshed my muffles on Twitterrific in hopes of having a better expirience. If anything chnages, you'll know.
[^2]: The feed is the smarter option. You might get additional content occasionally. Might being the operative word.

Commit message:

And now there’s some more styling!
Added 404 with creepy avatar, layout and styling.
Added Colophon page and included Privacy and Licensing info.
Added ”…MORE” link to post at the end of post summary on blog feed.
Added IBM Plex Sans Condense 300 for meta copy.
Added IBM Plex Mono font for code snipets.
Added inline code styling.
Added blockquotes styling.
Added image styling.
Modified image shortcode to remove unnnecessary code and include cache busting file names.
Changed post titles to align left.
Changed post meta information to be on a single laine and under post content/summary. Also added some styling changes to include more color.
Changed links to be link-red in article and have proper underline across the board.
Changed Hugo link on footer to Colophon.
Updated avatar to properly align to the left.
Updated code block styling to better match page aesthetic.
Updated Twitter Open Graph assets to include cache busting names.
Updated site title to include ”Inde Web Developer”.

content/colophon.md, after:

+++
title = "Colophon"
menu = "main"
weight = 100
showthedate = false
+++

* Written and created by Juan Villela.
* Made with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io).
* Fonts are [IBM Plex Sans](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/IBM+Plex+Sans) and [IBM Plex Sans Condensed](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/IBM+Plex+Sans+Condensed).
* Graphics made with [Affinity Designer](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/affinity-designer/id824171161?mt=12).
* Coded using [Coda](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/coda/id500906297?mt=8&ign-itsct=500906297-500906297&ign-itscg=0177&ign-mpt=uo%3D4) and [Working Copy](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/working-copy-powerful-git-client/id896694807?mt=8).
* Articles written in [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax) on [Bear](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/bear-beautiful-writing-app/id1016366447?ls=1&mt=8).

## Licensing
Links to apps or other items may include affiliate links.

### Text Content License
Unless otherwise noted, the text content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License, “[CC-BY-SA](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)”.

### Source License
Unless otherwise noted, the source content on this site is released under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

### MIT License
Copyright © 2018 <span>Juan C Villela</span>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Contact
Feel free to reach out with any questions or concerns.

* Email: [hello@juanvillela.me](mailto:hello@juanvillela.me)
